Layout

CRITERIA
	MEETS SPECIFICATIONS

Overall Layout
	App contains a ListView which becomes populated with list items.
List item layout
	List items display at least author and title information.
Scrolling
	When there are more list items than fit on the screen, the app allows scrolling through the list.
Layout best practices
	The code adheres to all of the following best practices:
	Text sizes are defined in sp
	Lengths are defined in dp
	Padding and margin is used appropriately, such that the views are not crammed up against each other.
Text wrapping
	Information displayed on list items is not crowded.
Rotation
	The content should not be cut off if the device is rotated to landscape mode.

Functionality

CRITERIA
	MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Runtime Errors
	The code runs without errors.
Api Call
	The user can enter a word or phrase to serve as a search query. The app fetches book data related to the query via an HTTP request from the Google Books API, using a class such as HttpUriRequest or HttpURLConnection.
Response validation
	The app checks whether the device is connected to the internet and responds appropriately. The result of the request is validated to account for a bad server response or lack of server response.
Async Task
	The network call occurs off the UI thread using an AsyncTask or similar threading object.
JSON Parsing
	The JSON response is parsed correctly, and relevant information is stored in the app.
ListView population
	The ListView is properly populated with the information parsed from the JSON response.
No Data Message
	When there is no data to display, the app shows a default TextView that informs the user how to populate the list.
External Libraries and Packages
	The intent of this project is to give you practice writing raw Java code using the necessary classes provided by the Android framework; therefore, the use of external libraries for core functionality will not be permitted to complete this project.
Code Readability

CRITERIA
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS

Naming conventions
	All variables, methods, and resource IDs are descriptively named such that another developer reading the code can easily understand their function.
Format
	The code is properly formatted i.e. there are no unnecessary blank lines; there are no unused variables or methods; there is no commented out code.
	The code also has proper indentation when defining variables and methods.